(Datastores) Updates (#29390)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/datastore/create.md

---
title: Create and Manage Datastores
disable_toc: false
further_reading:
- link: "service_management/app_builder/build"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Build Apps"
- link: "service_management/workflows/build"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Build Workflows"
- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/datadog-datastore/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Enhance your automated workflows and apps with Datastore"
---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">App Builder is not supported for your selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}).</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

You can create and manage datastores from the [Datastore page][1].

## Create a datastore

To create a datastore:

1. Navigate to the [Datastore page][1].
1. Click **+ New Datastore**.
1. Enter a **Name** for your datastore.
1. Enter a **Primary Key** or toggle the option to **Autogenerate a Primary Key** if a primary key is not essential to your use case.
   - If you choose to enter a primary key, the key must be a column name in your data where each key has a unique value.

>    - Choosing to Autogenerate a key removes your ability to provide your own keys for new items in the datastore, but you can still update specific keys on existing items.

Author: @wfa207 Can you check the wording here to make sure it's correct?

Reviewer: Can we change to:

```suggestion
   - Choosing to Autogenerate a key removes your ability to provide your own keys for new items in the datastore, but you can still update existing items by specifying their specific keys.
```
